docs: Update sign in with Apple instruction to align with v2 of Flutter SDK (#19326)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/social-login/auth-apple.mdx

    ## Using Native Sign in with Apple in Flutter

    You can perform Apple sign in using the [sign_in_with_apple](https://pub.dev/packages/sign_in_with_apple) package on Flutter.

>     Follow the instructions on README of the `sign_in_with_apple` package to setup the native Apple sign in on iOS and macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Follow the instructions in the package README to set up native Apple sign in on iOS and macOS.
```
